BZ1825250: Managing cluster resources (#39793)
openshift/openshift-docs: support/managing-cluster-resources.adoc

> [id='managing-cluster-resources']

Reviewer: Not sure if single quotes work or not, but our [guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#assembly-file-metadata) illustrate double quotes:
```suggestion
[id="managing-cluster-resources"]
```

Author: acked

= Managing your cluster resources
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated[]
include::modules/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
endif::[]
:context: managing-cluster-resources

toc::[]

> You can apply global configuration in {product-title}. Operators apply this configuration across the cluster.

Reviewer: The first sentence makes it sound like "global configuration" is a feature, so I'd try clarifying a bit. Something like this for example:
```suggestion
You can apply global configuration options in {product-title}. Operators apply these configuration settings across the cluster.
```

Author: acked
